Add-on v1.2.0 documentation (#747)
nrfconnect/sdk-sidewalk: doc/known_issues.rst

  Some known issues have a workaround.
  Sometimes, they are discovered later and added over time.

List of known issues for v1.2.0
*******************************

KRKNWK-20869: Intermittent downlink message reception issues with multilink configurations

  When multiple transport types are enabled (multilink), downlink messages from the cloud may not be received by the device.
  Sometimes, messages arrive through a different transport than expected.
  Uplink messages work as expected.

  **Affected platforms:** nRF52840, nRF54L15 with LR1110 shield (the exact set of affected platforms is not constant, and reproduction is not consistent)

KRKNWK-20851: Cannot initialize location when LoRa or FSK transport is initialized in Amazon Sidewalk

  Device fails to initialize location when using LoRa or FSK transport.

  **Affected platforms:** nRF52840, nRF54L15 with LR1110 shield (issue reproduction is inconsistent)

  **Workaround:** If the device freezes when location initialization fails, restart the device.

>     Ensure that location services are initialized only after the Sidewalk stack is ready, and deinitialized before Sidewalk stack is deinitialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Ensure that location services are initialized only after the Sidewalk stack is ready, and deinitialized before Sidewalk stack is deinitialized.
```

KRKNWK-20856: GNSS scan enters endless loop

  The GNSS scan operation may enter an endless loop.
  Reproduction of the issue is inconsistent.
  It does not occur with the location send command.

  **Affected platforms:** nRF52840, nRF54L15 with LR1110 shield

  **Workaround:** Reset device when freezes in endless GNSS loop.

KRKNWK-20857: Location modem stays busy when scan operation overlaps with deinit

  The location modem does not recover if a scan runs concurrently with a deinitialization operation.

  **Affected platforms:** nRF52840, nRF54L15 with LR1110 shield

  **Workaround:** If the location modem stays busy, and cannot perform scan restart the device.
    Ensure the location service deinit is triggered when no ongoing scan.

KRKNWK-21160: Semtech interrupt pin remains high blocking the Wi-Fi scan

  The Semtech radio interrupt pin may remain high during a Wi-Fi location scan, which blocks the scan from completing.
  This can occur when location scanning overlaps with communication on the Semtech radio.

  **Affected platforms:** nRF52840, nRF54L15 with LR1110 shield

  **Workaround:** Clear event pin interrupt in Semtech hal after each occurrence.

> 

Reviewer: Did we miss: "KRKNWK-21159: Crash in ``sid_location_run`` due to invalid context in Wi-Fi callback"

This is still valid => but it is only applicable if GNSS is not initialized in sid_location_init, while only Wi-Fi is used.

Workaround initialize both GNSS and Wi-Fi scan in sid_location_init, while keep using only Wi-Fi scan.

Author: Added, thanks for check

  Some known issues have a workaround.
  Sometimes, they are discovered later and added over time.

List of known issues for v1.2.0
*******************************

KRKNWK-20869: Intermittent downlink message reception issues with multilink configurations

  When multiple transport types are enabled (multilink), downlink messages from the cloud may not be received by the device.
  Sometimes, messages arrive through a different transport than expected.
  Uplink messages work as expected.

  **Affected platforms:** nRF52840, nRF54L15 with LR1110 shield (the exact set of affected platforms is not constant, and reproduction is not consistent)

KRKNWK-20851: Cannot initialize location when LoRa or FSK transport is initialized in Amazon Sidewalk

  Device fails to initialize location when using LoRa or FSK transport.

  **Affected platforms:** nRF52840, nRF54L15 with LR1110 shield (issue reproduction is inconsistent)

>   **Workaround:**Ensure that location services are initialized only after the Sidewalk stack is ready, and deinitialized before Sidewalk stack is deinitialized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

  **Workaround:** Ensure that location services are initialized only after the Sidewalk stack is ready, and deinitialized before Sidewalk stack is deinitialized.

KRKNWK-20863: Increased boot time due to bootloader configuration

  Boot time has increased on all platforms due to bootloader configuration changes.
  It now uses RSA keys for signature verification (the default config of ``BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE`` is changed to ``BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE_RSA``), significantly increasing the boot time (commit 99ed5147cb7543c1f8f9a116da801d3909a92e83, "use rsa keys for all SoCs").
  The effect is most noticeable on the nRF52840 SoC (around 3 seconds to start up instead of the expected less than 1 second).
  This issue is unrelated to specific radio configurations (LoRa, Bluetooth LE) but affects the general boot process.

  **Affected platforms:** All platforms

KRKNWK-20856: GNSS scan enters endless loop

  The GNSS scan operation may enter an endless loop.
  Reproduction of the issue is inconsistent.
  It does not occur with the location send command.

>   **Affected platforms:** nRF52840, nRF54L15 with LR1110 shield

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion 
The nRF52840 SoC and the nRF54L15 SoC with the LR1110 shield

>   **Workaround:** Reset device when freezes in endless GNSS loop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Reset device when it freezes in endless GNSS loop.
```

KRKNWK-20857: Location modem stays busy when scan operation overlaps with deinit

  The location modem does not recover if a scan runs concurrently with a deinitialization operation.

>   **Affected platforms:** nRF52840, nRF54L15 with LR1110 shield

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The nRF52840 SoC and the nRF54L15 SoC with the LR1110 shield
```

>   **Workaround:** If the location modem stays busy, and cannot perform scan restart the device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** If the location modem stays busy, and cannot perform the scan, restart the device.
```

>     Ensure the location service deinit is triggered when no ongoing scan.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Ensure the location service deinit is triggered when there is no ongoing scan.
```

> KRKNWK-21160: Semtech interrupt pin remains high blocking the Wi-Fi scan

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-21160: Semtech interrupt line is stuck high, preventing the Wi-Fi scan from running
```

  The Semtech radio interrupt pin may remain high during a Wi-Fi location scan, which blocks the scan from completing.
  This can occur when location scanning overlaps with communication on the Semtech radio.

>   **Affected platforms:** nRF52840, nRF54L15 with LR1110 shield

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **Affected platforms:** The nRF52840 SoC and the nRF54L15 SoC with the LR1110 shield
```

  **Workaround:** Clear event pin interrupt in Semtech hal after each occurrence.

KRKNWK-21159: Crash in ``sid_location_run`` due to invalid context in Wi-Fi callback

  The application may crash if ``sid_location_run`` is called in an invalid context during a Wi-Fi callback.

>   **Affected platforms:** nRF52840, nRF54L15 with LR1110 shield

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **Affected platforms:** The nRF52840 SoC and the nRF54L15 SoC with the LR1110 shield
```

  Some known issues have a workaround.
  Sometimes, they are discovered later and added over time.

List of known issues for v1.2.0
*******************************

> TBA

Author: just left the command, to not merge accidentaly with `TBA`

List of known issues for v1.2.0
*******************************

KRKNWK-20869: Intermittent downlink message reception issues with multilink configurations

>   When multiple transport types are enabled (multilink), downlink messages from the cloud may not be received by the device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  When multiple transport types are enabled (multilink), the device might not receive downlink messages from the cloud.
```

  Sometimes, messages arrive through a different transport than expected.
  Uplink messages work as expected.

>   **Affected platforms:** nRF52840, nRF54L15 with LR1110 shield (the exact set of affected platforms is not constant, and reproduction is not consistent)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **Affected platforms:** The nRF52840 SoC and the nRF54L15 SoC with the LR1110 shield.
  However, the exact range of affected platforms is not constant, and reproduction is not consistent.
```

KRKNWK-20851: Cannot initialize location when LoRa or FSK transport is initialized in Amazon Sidewalk

  Device fails to initialize location when using LoRa or FSK transport.

>   **Affected platforms:** nRF52840, nRF54L15 with LR1110 shield (issue reproduction is inconsistent)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **Affected platforms:** The nRF52840 SoC and the nRF54L15 SoC with the LR1110 shield (issue reproduction is inconsistent)

  **Workaround:** If the device freezes when location initialization fails, restart the device.
    Ensure that location services are initialized only after the Sidewalk stack is ready, and deinitialized before Sidewalk stack is deinitialized.

KRKNWK-20863: Increased boot time due to bootloader configuration

  Boot time has increased on all platforms due to bootloader configuration changes.

>   It now uses RSA keys for signature verification (the default config of ``BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE`` is changed to ``BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE_RSA``), significantly increasing the boot time (commit 99ed5147cb7543c1f8f9a116da801d3909a92e83, "use rsa keys for all SoCs").

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 It now uses RSA keys for signature verification (the default of ``BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE`` Kconfig option is changed to ``BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE_RSA``), significantly increasing the boot time (commit ``99ed5147cb7543c1f8f9a116da801d3909a92e83`` "use rsa keys for all SoCs").
